# Homework #1: 

computer that performs the same amount of work in the least time is the fastest
The most straightforward definition of time is called wall clock time, response time, or elapsed time.

CPU time:
the time the CPU spends computing for this task and does not include time spent waiting for I/O or running other programs.
	user CPU time: CPU time spent in the program
	system CPU time: CPU time spent in the operating system performing tasks on behalf of the program
elapsed time: t based on CPU execution time

[컴퓨터 구조 Measuring Performance (성능 측정) (tistory.com)](https://hi-guten-tag.tistory.com/257)

$$\text{Clock rate} = \frac{1}{\text{Clock period}}$$
$$\begin{align}
\text{CPU execution time} & = \text{CPU clock cycles} \times \text{Clock cycle time} \\
& = \frac{\text{CPU clock cycles}}{\text{Clock rate}} \\
& = \text{Instruction count} \times \text{CPI} \times \text{Clock cycle time} \\
& = \frac{\text{Instruction count} \times \text{CPI}}{\text{Clock rate}}
\end{align}$$

#### 1. 
>Consider three different processors P1, P2 and P3 executing the same instruction set with the clock rates and CPIs given in the following table. (18pt)

1) Which processos has the highest performance?
	
	$\text{CPU clock cycles}_{P1} = I \times 1.5$
	$\text{CPU clock cycles}_{P2} = I \times 2.5$
	$\text{CPU clock cycles}_{P3} = I \times 3$
	
	$\text{CPU time}_{P1} = \frac{I \times 1.5}{1GHz}$
	$\text{CPU time}_{P2} = \frac{I \times 2.5}{2.5GHz}$
	$\text{CPU time}_{P3} = \frac{I \times 3}{3GHz}$
	
	P2 and P3 is 1.5 time faster than P1.
	
2) If each processor executes a program in 10 seconds, find the number of cycles and the number of instructions of each processor. (Round off the answer to the $2^{nd}$ decimal palace.)
	d
	
1) We are trying to reduce the time by 30% but this leads to an increase of 20% in the CPIs. What should the clock rate be to achieve this time reduction? (in each processor)
	df
